feat: update entity provider schedulers (#827)
janus-idp/backstage-plugins: plugins/3scale-backend/README.md

             timeout: { minutes: 1 }
   ```

2. Configure the scheduler for the entity provider using one of the following methods:

>    - **Method 1**: If the scheduler is configured inside the `app-config.yaml` file, add the following code to `packages/backend/src/plugins/catalog.ts` file:

Author: @hmanwani-rh so the reasoning to explicitly mention `Method 1` and `Method 2` was to make it obvious that there are 2 explicit methods of configuring the scheduler (and that they don't need to use both), and then mention the behavior when both methods are used simultaneously in a section below them.

>    - **Method 1**: If the scheduler is configured inside the `app-config.yaml` file, add the following code to `packages/backend/src/plugins/catalog.ts` file:

Reviewer: Maybe we should clarify the wording here:

```
If the scheduler is configured inside the `app-config.yaml`...
```

The word *scheduler* here actually means `schedule` config key within `app-config.yaml`.

>    - **Method 1**: If the scheduler is configured inside the `app-config.yaml` file, add the following code to `packages/backend/src/plugins/catalog.ts` file:

Reviewer 2: @Zaperex Listing all these points as bullet points might imply that the subsequent bullets are also methods regardless of specifically marking methods, as non-method bullets are part of the same list. Therefore, I recommend separating these non-method bullets into a new step. What do you think?

>    - **Method 1**: If the scheduler is configured inside the `app-config.yaml` file, add the following code to `packages/backend/src/plugins/catalog.ts` file:

Author: @hmanwani-rh I think that could potentially help make the methods stand out more. Alternatively, we can wrap this edge case in a note block:
```markdown
***

**NOTE**

If both the `schedule` (hard-coded schedule) and `scheduler` (`app-config.yaml` schedule) option are provided in the `packages/backend/src/plugins/catalog.ts`, the `scheduler` option takes precedence. However, if the schedule inside the `app-config.yaml` file is not configured, then the `schedule` option is used.

***
```
What do you think?

>    - **Method 1**: If the scheduler is configured inside the `app-config.yaml` file, add the following code to `packages/backend/src/plugins/catalog.ts` file:

Reviewer 2: Adding NOTE makes sense.

     ```ts title="packages/backend/src/plugins/catalog.ts"
     /* highlight-add-next-line */
     import { ThreeScaleApiEntityProvider } from '@janus-idp/backstage-plugin-3scale-backend';

     export default async function createPlugin(
       env: PluginEnvironment,
     ): Promise<Router> {
       const builder = await CatalogBuilder.create(env);

       /* ... other processors and/or providers ... */
       /* highlight-add-start */
       builder.addEntityProvider(
         ThreeScaleApiEntityProvider.fromConfig(env.config, {
           logger: env.logger,
           scheduler: env.scheduler,
         }),
       );
       /* highlight-add-end */

       const { processingEngine, router } = await builder.build();
       await processingEngine.start();
       return router;
     }
     ```

     ***

     **NOTE**

     If any changes to the schedule in the `app-config.yaml` are made, a restart of the backend is necessary to apply the changes.

     ***

>    - **Method 2**: Add a schedule directly inside the `packages/backend/src/plugins/catalog.ts` file as follows:

Author: Same as [above](https://github.com/janus-idp/backstage-plugins/pull/827#discussion_r1352722633)

>    - **Method 2**: Add a schedule directly inside the `packages/backend/src/plugins/catalog.ts` file as follows:

Reviewer 2: Please see my previous comment.

     ```ts title="packages/backend/src/plugins/catalog.ts"
     /* highlight-add-next-line */
     import { ThreeScaleApiEntityProvider } from '@janus-idp/backstage-plugin-3scale-backend';

     export default async function createPlugin(
       env: PluginEnvironment,
     ): Promise<Router> {
       const builder = await CatalogBuilder.create(env);

       /* ... other processors and/or providers ... */
       /* highlight-add-start */
       builder.addEntityProvider(
         ThreeScaleApiEntityProvider.fromConfig(env.config, {
           logger: env.logger,
           schedule: env.scheduler.createScheduledTaskRunner({
             frequency: { minutes: 1 },
             timeout: { minutes: 1 },
           }),
         }),
       );
       /* highlight-add-end */

       const { processingEngine, router } = await builder.build();
       await processingEngine.start();
       return router;
     }
     ```

   - If both the `schedule` (hard-coded schedule) and `scheduler` (`app-config.yaml` schedule) option are provided in the `packages/backend/src/plugins/catalog.ts`, the `scheduler` option takes precedence.

>      - If the schedule inside the `app-config.yaml` file is not configured, then the `schedule` option is used.

Reviewer: I do not understand why is this here. You're within a section that says "both are defined", so why backtrack to the "Method 2" in this sentence?

Author: I mainly wanted to mention the expected behavior when both are `schedule` and `scheduler` are defined.

>      - If the schedule inside the `app-config.yaml` is not configured, then the `schedule` option is used.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     - If the schedule inside the `app-config.yaml` file is not configured, then the `schedule` option is used.
```

     ```ts title="packages/backend/src/plugins/catalog.ts"
     /* highlight-add-next-line */
     import { ThreeScaleApiEntityProvider } from '@janus-idp/backstage-plugin-3scale-backend';

     export default async function createPlugin(
       env: PluginEnvironment,
     ): Promise<Router> {
       const builder = await CatalogBuilder.create(env);

       /* ... other processors and/or providers ... */
       /* highlight-add-start */
       builder.addEntityProvider(
         ThreeScaleApiEntityProvider.fromConfig(env.config, {
           logger: env.logger,
           schedule: env.scheduler.createScheduledTaskRunner({
             frequency: { minutes: 1 },
             timeout: { minutes: 1 },
           }),
           scheduler: env.scheduler,
         }),
       );
       /* highlight-add-end */

       const { processingEngine, router } = await builder.build();
       await processingEngine.start();
       return router;
     }

>      ```

Reviewer: Isn't this just a repetition?

Besides, having both `scheduler` and `schedule` defined is an antipattern that should not be encouraged.

Author: Ah I did not know this was an antipattern. I assumed the `schedule` would serve as a hard coded default while the `scheduler` served as something the user can customize to override the hard coded default.

Author: I can remove the repeated code for when both `scheduler` and `schedule` are defined.

Reviewer: Oh.. I didn't think of that... Maybe we're making it a bigger issue than it is. I would say the user should configure it in one or the other place and not both to keep it simple. The reason why there are 2 ways is that in typescript user has more options on how to do context-aware configuration if they need so (like conditionals, feature flag checks etc...) In most cases the `schedule` in `app-config.yaml` should be sufficient and preferred way.

Author: Ok, so should I just leave the behavior when both are defined as a mention, but just mention it's not recommended?

             timeout: { minutes: 1 }
   ```

2. Configure the scheduler for the entity provider using one of the following methods:

>    - **Method 1**: If the scheduler is configured inside the `app-config.yaml` via the schedule config key shown above, add the following code to `packages/backend/src/plugins/catalog.ts` file:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   - **Method 1**: If the scheduler is configured inside the `app-config.yaml` using the schedule config key mentioned previously, add the following code to `packages/backend/src/plugins/catalog.ts` file:
```
